Documents/TeamContract.md, before:

# Team Contract

## Communication
1. **Team Meetings** 
We will meet once a week on Tuesdays at 3:30pm to 5pm in person to give each other updates, and go over plans for the following week. Yes, we will rotate being the note taker.


2. **Assistance** 
We will use a text group chat as our primary form of communication. Secondary forms will be discord and email. Everyone will be expected to respond within 12 hours. If someone is having difficulty with their tasks,we will meet up and help them. 


3. **Respect** 
We will each provide a midweek check in about our progress and potential errors we are running out. We will be respectful of each other's ideas during discussion. We will not interrupt and allow everyone to speak freely. 


## Collaboration

4. **Work Distribution** 
Each team meeting, we will commonly agree on a workstream for the following week. We will distribute tasks based on preferences, interest, strenghts, and weaknesess. We will work together on setting up a base of classes and running our code on the main branch on github before either allowing each member to have their own branch on Github or have a specific task as a branch. Before any of us makes a pull request, it must be approved by another team member. 



5. **Time Commitment** 
To ensure that work is balanced, we will each dedicate 2 to 4 hours a week of independent work to the project.


6. **Conflict Resolution** 
Everyone is expected to come to meetings at the specified time. If a member is repeatedly late, we will reiterate our team goals, and take action. If there is a disagreement, we will involve a third party to make the final decision. If an issue persists, we will let our mentor or another course staff know. 


## Signatures
Ruhi Choudhury

Sam Madhan

Akash Sannasi

Commit message:

Updated proposal and team contract

Documents/TeamContract.md, after:

# Team Contract

## Communication
1. **Team Meetings** 
We will meet once a week on Tuesdays at 3:30pm to 5pm in person to give each other updates, and go over plans for the following week. Yes, we will rotate being the note taker.


2. **Assistance** 
We will use a text group chat as our primary form of communication. Secondary forms will be discord and email. Everyone will be expected to respond within 12 hours. If someone is having difficulty with their tasks,we will meet up and help them. 


3. **Respect** 
We will each provide a midweek check in about our progress and potential errors we are running out. We will be respectful of each other's ideas during discussion. We will not interrupt and allow everyone to speak freely. 


## Collaboration

4. **Work Distribution** 
Each team meeting, we will commonly agree on a workstream for the following week. We will distribute tasks based on preferences, interest, strenghts, and weaknesess. We will work together on setting up a base of classes and running our code on the main branch on github before either allowing each member to have their own branch on Github or have a specific task as a branch. Before any of us makes a pull request, it must be approved by another team member. 



5. **Time Commitment** 
To ensure that work is balanced, we will each dedicate 2 to 4 hours a week of independent work to the project.
Since team members may have conflicts which may arise throughout the week, we have decided that if a synchronous meeting can not be scheduled, we will use our group chat to decide on tasks for the week, adjusting if one team member has significant commitments for that week. To prevent one team member for continuously slacking, we will keep logs of who has completed which tasks, and assess every week if work is being completed equitably on average. 

6. **Conflict Resolution** 
Everyone is expected to come to meetings at the specified time. If a member is repeatedly late, we will reiterate our team goals, and take action. If there is a disagreement, we will involve a third party to make the final decision. If an issue persists, we will let our mentor or another course staff know. 


## Signatures
Ruhi Choudhury

Sam Madhan

Akash Sannasi
